c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.dll.config
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoContrato.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoImplementacion.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialClienteDominio.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoFachada.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoContratoRepositorio.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercioCreditoSQLRepositorio.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoContrato.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoImplementacion.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialClienteDominio.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoFachada.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercialCreditoContratoRepositorio.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\bin\ComercioCreditoSQLRepositorio.pdb
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\obj\Debug\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\obj\Debug\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.dll
c:\users\julia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiciosWeb\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio\obj\Debug\ComercialCreditoWCFServicio.pdb
